thomasgauvin: add hyperdrive mysql template #203 (#330)
cloudflare/templates: mysql-hyperdrive-template/README.md

# Worker + MySQL using Hyperdrive

<!-- dash-content-start -->

[Hyperdrive](https://developers.cloudflare.com/hyperdrive/) makes connecting to your regional database from Cloudflare Workers fast. This project demonstrates a Worker connecting to a MySQL database using Hyperdrive.

Upon loading your Worker, your will see the list of MySQL tables in your database, as obtained with the following query:

```SQL
SHOW TABLES;
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > When using C3 to create this project, select "no" when it asks if you want to deploy. You need to follow this project's [setup steps](https://github.com/cloudflare/templates/tree/main/d1-template#setup-steps) before deploying.

Author: ```suggestion
> When using C3 to create this project, select "no" when it asks if you want to deploy. You need to follow this project's [setup steps](https://github.com/cloudflare/templates/tree/main/mysql-hyperdrive-template#setup-steps) before deploying.
```
